website/integrations: Hoop.dev: cleanup (#23106)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/networking/hoop.dev/index.md

Reviewer: slug should be in application area

## Hoop.dev configuration

To support the integration of Hoop.dev with authentik, you must configure Hoop.dev to use authentik as its identity provider.

1. Log in to Hoop.dev as an administrator.
2. Navigate to **Integrations** > **Authentication**.
3. Select **Identity Provider**.
4. Under **Protocol**, select **OIDC**.
5. Under **Identity Provider**, select **Other**.
6. Configure the following settings:
    - **Client ID**: enter the **Client ID** from authentik.
    - **Client Secret**: enter the **Client Secret** from authentik.
    - **Issuer URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/o/<application_slug>/`
7. Click **Save**.

> Hoop.dev synchronizes authentik groups on login when authentik includes the `groups` claim in the ID token. To use groups for Hoop.dev access control, make sure users are members of the relevant authentik groups before they log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hoop.dev automatically synchronizes authentik groups at login whenever the ID token includes the `groups` claim. To use groups for Hoop.dev access control, ensure users are added to the appropriate authentik groups before they log in.
```
